Update GraphQL vs Apollo comparison (#9456)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: components/integration/ballerina-vs-apollo-for-graphql/code/apollo-graphql-bbe/similarities.md

---
title: "Ballerina is GraphQL - GraphQL is Ballerina"

> description: "Ballerina, a strongly-typed language, is perfectly suited for GraphQL's declarative data fetching. With compile-time error handling, Ballerina ensures reliability and efficiency, making it an excellent choice for building robust and user-friendly GraphQL APIs. The similarity between Ballerina and GraphQL syntax enhances the development experience. Ballerina is an ideal choice for developers looking to build reliable, efficient, and user-friendly GraphQL APIs."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Ballerina, a strongly-typed language, is perfectly suited for GraphQL's declarative data fetching. With compile-time error handling, Ballerina ensures reliability and efficiency, making it an excellent choice for building robust and user-friendly GraphQL APIs. The similarity between Ballerina and GraphQL syntax enhances the development experience. Ballerina is an ideal choice for developers looking to build reliable, efficient, and intuitive GraphQL APIs."
```

> description: "Ballerina, a strongly-typed language, is perfectly suited for GraphQL's declarative data fetching. With compile-time error handling, Ballerina ensures reliability and efficiency, making it an excellent choice for building robust and user-friendly GraphQL APIs. Ballerina is the perfect choice for developers who want to build reliable, efficient, and easy-to-use GraphQL APIs. The similarity between Ballerina and GraphQL syntax simplifies the implementation process."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
description: "Ballerina, a strongly-typed language, is perfectly suited for GraphQL's declarative data fetching. With compile-time error handling, Ballerina ensures reliability and efficiency, making it an excellent choice for building robust and user-friendly GraphQL APIs. Ballerina is an ideal choice for developers looking to build reliable, efficient, and user-friendly GraphQL APIs. The similarity between Ballerina and GraphQL syntax makes the implementation process easier."
```

> description: "Ballerina, a strongly-typed language, is perfectly suited for GraphQL's declarative data fetching. With compile-time error handling, Ballerina ensures reliability and efficiency, making it an excellent choice for building robust and user-friendly GraphQL APIs. Ballerina is the perfect choice for developers who want to build reliable, efficient, and easy-to-use GraphQL APIs. The similarity between Ballerina and GraphQL syntax simplifies the implementation process."

Reviewer: Would move this sentence to before the previous sentence.

Does the similarity really simplify implementation though?
